Making improvements to the documentation (#80)
1Password/ansible-onepasswordconnect-collection: README.md

<img alt="" role="img" src="https://blog.1password.com/posts/2021/secrets-automation-launch/header.svg"/>

<div align="center">
  <h1>1Password Connect Ansible Collection</h1>

>   <p>Use the <a href="https://developer.1password.com/docs/connect">1Password Connect</a> Ansible Collection to access and manage items in your 1Password vaults.</p>

Reviewer: [non-blocking comment]
Maybe this can be made as an actionable statement? 🤔
```suggestion
  <p>Access and manage your 1Password items in your Ansible Automation Platform through your self-hosted <a href="https://developer.1password.com/docs/connect">1Password Connect server</a>.</p>
```
